# Ideamotive PWA demo
# Demo
## App
TODO: add link to app demo
## Storybook
TODO: add link to hosted storybook

# General info
## Motivation
`progressive-web-app-react-demo` is an application made for experimenting with new technologies, new libraries and new approaches.
## Functionality
`progressive-web-app-react-demo` is a small app for sharing photos. The application allows for taking pictures, adding a description and putting it on the world map. Users can explore the map and preview pictures of other users. The application works on mobile and desktop browsers.


# Make apps great again
- Let’s make all components independent - Thanks to storybook all components can be displayed separately, tested manually or automatically. Any props can be injected to a separate component through storybook addons. Thanks to `styled-components`  application styles can be very strictly controlled. Situations when styles added to one place of the application breaks other components, can be reduced or eliminated.
- Let’s not mix functionalities - one component - one feature. If any component needs more features - use `HOC` or `render-props`
- Let’s use customs middlewares - Should the data be loaded from an API or from cache? Which part will decide? Components, reducers, actions shouldn’t care about it. Let the custom middleware decide.
- Let’s not use HTML dom markups - We have styled components so we use a higher level of abstraction. Let `style-components` care about tags.  Let the name describe the function. Call things by what they do not what they are. Let’s stop drowning in divs with tens of classes and unobvious functionality.

# Technologies
## Libraries
- `react`
- `redux`
- `storybook`
- `styled-components`
- `polished`

## PWA
- `service workess`
- `push notifications`
- `camera api`
- `localization api`
- `voice recognition api`
- `offline storege`

# Structure
## Frontend
The project has been bootstrapped on a create-react-app template, with a custom routing. The routing gives availability of animated switching routes and it has been developed on the render-props pattern,

Containers - components connected with redux by passing actions creators and selected state’s fields to it.

Components - UI elements. Components can contain other components or styled-components. In this small app, they shouldn't contain containers.

Styled-components - stateless components generated by the styled-components library

Stories - scenarios for the storybook

Services - custom tools for handling specific functionality

## Backend
 small node script with socket.io, cloudinary client, and MongoDB.

# Running The App
## Development
1. Provide all environmental variables in `/server/.env` file
2. Run server
```
$ yarn start
```

> It should run server on  `:8000` port

3. In second terminal run react application
```
$ yarn dev
```

> The application should be available on port  `:3000`

## Production
1. Build frontend
```
$ yarn build
```

2. Run full application
```
$ yarn start
```

> Application should be available on port  `:8000`

## Storybook
> For running storybook,  the server is also necessary. (It hosts .env’s with API keys)

1. Run server
```
$ yarn start
```

2. Run storybook
```
$ yarn storybook
```

> Storybook should be available on port  `:9001`


## Tests
TODO: Finish tests

### Contact
Created by [Ideamotive's](https://ideamotive.co/services/react-development/) developers.
